nixos/matrix-synapse: Harden systemd serivce (#188174)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2211.section.md

- Neo4j was updated from version 3 to version 4. See this [migration guide](https://neo4j.com/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/) on how to migrate your Neo4j instance.

> - The `services.matrix-synapse` systemd unit has been hardened. Matrix Synapse now requires entries in the `state_group_edges` table to be unique, in order to prevent accidentally introducing duplicate information (for example, because a database backup was restored multiple times). If your Synapse database already has duplicate rows in this table, this could fail with an error and require manual remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `services.matrix-synapse` service has been hardened. In addition to that a Matrix Synapse version upgrade introduced a requirement that entries in the `state_group_edges` table to be unique, in order to prevent accidentally introducing duplicate information (for example, because a database backup was restored multiple times). If your Synapse database already has duplicate rows in this table, this could fail with an error and require manual remediation.
```
